Hello Facebook Ads people!
I'm Konstantinos.
And today we are going to talk about
the new iOS 14.5 changes.
You have read it.
Everybody talks about it.
The new iOS update is here
and it has backed in the Facebook platform
and the way that we are doing ads so much.
Basically, nothing is the same!
If you haven't advertised this year at all
on the Facebook platform,
WELCOME TO HELL!
The big question is
what has happened.
Well, there is a new trend on the market
which is all about the protection
of Internet users personal data.
Apple wants to be the first major player
that will tap into this new rising market of
protecting the personal data of
all Apple iOS users by giving them
the option to choose
if they want to share their personal information
for advertisement purposes or not.
And of course, this has impacted
all social media platforms
like Facebook and Instagram.
In other words,
if someone clicks an ad from Facebook
and lands on an ecommerce store
with his iphone and chose to opt out
during the iOS 14.5 update,
which means that he doesn't want
to share his personal information
for advertisement purposes,
even if he buys something from the store,
Apple is not going to verify
the purchase back to Facebook
without sharing any information
about the user that completed the purchase,
which eventually means that we are losing data,
getting a higher cost per purchase
and of course, less optimization
on the ad set level.
Yeah, yeah.
I can hear someone of you
screaming into my ears about
the aggregated events.
I'm not going to say that
you have no idea, but I'm going to
convince you about it later in this video.
For the iOS user that chose to opt in.
First of all, thank you.
Everything will be the same for you,
but for all the users that
chose to opt out,
you can go suck my @@
you f@@ c@@!
And now that you understand
what happened after my composed
and super calm description,
we can move to my screen and
see all the changes together.
Okay, and now enough with the theory.
Let's jump on my computer
so that I can show you all the changes
so that you can follow it step by step
and prepare your accounts for
the iOS 14.5 changes.
Now, if you haven't done anything yet,
I'm going to explain step by step
how to do everything
in order to be prepared.
Step Νο 1 is to actually
verify your domain name.
This is a new feature
and you have to verify your domain name.
You have to do it.
If you go to your business settings
on your business manager,
there is going to be a new tab
which is going to be called
Brand Safety.
It's Domains.
You can see here that
I have a verified domain.
You click "Add".
I'm going to do a test (test.com).
You are going to press "Add".
And when you're going to do that,
it's going to give you 3 different options
HTML source code that you can put it
on the head section on your HTML.
Either a DNS TXT record,
you can go to GoDaddy or
wherever you have listed your domain name
and you can add a DNS TXT record.
I don't like the option of the HTML file,
so I think that the best way is with the head
It's super fast to do it.
Then you click "Verify Domain"
and you are going to be able to see
that you're verified and it's going to be green.
After you do that, you click on
"Connected Assets" over here
and you "Add Ad Set" and you connect
domain name with your Facebook page.
That's it.
Now the whole game
is being played on the Events Manager
and this is what I'm going to show you now.
So if you go to your "Events Manager"
from your menu again, you are going to
be able to pick your Pixel,
so pick your Pixel over here and
you are going to be able to see all of
the events that are listed.
And the first thing that you have to
do is go to your settings.
Go here to first of all,
the "Advanced Matching", click the "Show
More Options", enable everything over here.
Okay.
We are already losing data,
so if we have more data,
it's always better.
So enable everything.
Then you can see that
we are having the Conversions API.
Conversions API is a new way of
tracking events.
Untill now we had the Pixel,
which was browser to browser reporting.
With the API
we're having server to server reporting.
They're working together.
I'm going to show you in a little bit
how they're working, but
the Conversion API is also another way
of tracking events and they're working
together with the Pixel.
So you are losing less events.
You're having more data,
so you're having better optimization,
better results.
So the API is something that
everybody has to do if they want to
have good results on their accounts.
And let me tell you that the API
most probably is going to actually
replace the Facebook Pixel in the future.
So start using the API.
I have seen accounts by just using the API
they have improved a lot.
Now there are ways of doing it
with a manual way.
I wouldn't suggest it.
It's a nightmare.
I have tried it.
I have failed.
I haven't found good developers.
Not like that you can find good developers anyway but,
I haven't found
anybody that can do it properly.
So I choose the partner integration.
For those of you that you are lucky enough to have
a Shopify or WordPress, WooCommerce,
it's going to be very easy.
It's going to take you 10 seconds.
Whoever is not having
a partner integration over here listed.
Well, you are unlucky.
Either you will have to wait or
you will have to find a developer
who is going to do it for you.
But other than that, I surely tell you
that this is something that
you have to do.
Now, how do you know that
your API reporting is working?
There are two ways.
First of all, you can see here that
we have Browser - Server reporting,
the connection method, and that means that
both our Pixel and the API are working.
At the start, we were having only
the Purchase Event listed as a
Browser - Server integration.
Now all the platforms are working
for all of the events,
we can see that we have
Add to Cart, View Content, Initiate Checkout.
We were having also a lot of errors.
They are fixing that. They are adapting.
And as Facebook announced,
we should not care really about these
numbers right now for the rating,
because these are things that
are going to improve by the time.
Now, when you click on your "Purchase" over here
and you view the details
- Event Overview -
we can see that in the Browser Pixel, we are having
4,210 events, and we're having also 4,298 events.
That means that the Pixel and
the API are working together and
we can see that in that case,
we were able to actually have 366
more Events Processed because of the API.
This is what the API does.
They are both reporting the same
give or take events, but at the end of the day
we have the Duplication, which means that
we are not have double reporting.
But here we can see that
the API actually was able to save
some events that if we didn't have the API
was not going to be able to save them for us.
And that means that we were going to
have less data, less results.
So API is very important,
as you can understand.
I cannot explain more how important
it is, but you have to do it.
Now the other thing that
has changed is the Aggregated Events.
Okay.
So the moment that
you're going to verify your domain,
you have to go to "Manage Events" and
I'm going to go on this account for that.
And you have to go to "Manage Events".
You have to click on.
You see that it says 'Domain Verified'.
If you don't verify it, you cannot do that.
So if you click here,
you can manage the events.
Okay.
Edit and you can actually add an event.
Pick your pixel over here and the event.
And if you have a custom event,
you can pick a custom event
and you can actually list it.
So now what is really important is that
the priority for the stores.
It has to be Purchase, Initiate Checkout, Add to Cart, View Content,
based on what you want more,
the highest priority.
And of course, this button here
has to be open if you have enough data.
The value optimization because
it's actually helping you to actually
target people based on
how much money they are spending,
not only if they're going to buy or not.
So this is a very important button.
People that they care a lot
about their lifetime value of
their customers.
They understand how important
this button is.
So when you do this for the first time,
you will have to wait for 72 hours.
If we click here again, "Manage Events".
It says,
"If you change or remove events
from this configuration, you'll need to wait
72 hours before you can return
to edit them again.
Do you want to continue?"
Now you have to wait for 72 hours
when you do it at the first time.
Facebook recently announced that now
if you do a change after you list them,
you are not going to wait for 72 hours.
You can work immediately on your ads,
but the first time for sure you will
have to wait 72 hours.
On the other hand, it's Facebook and
we cannot trust it completely.
So keep in mind that
if you change something,
maybe you will have to wait for 72 hours.
But the plan is that in the future
you will not have to wait
if you do any changes in the priority or
if you add any new event.
Now it's very important for you
to list your events over here.
If you don't list them,
you will not be able to run
conversion ads with your events.
Okay, so it's very important to
have them here.
If you don't, you cannot have events with
your Pixel and reporting
and Conversion Ads.
Now, as you can see here in this account
we're having browser to browser.
So the API is not working.
He wasn't able to actually do
the API integration yet.
So this is how it's going to look
when you are having an account that
you are having the API working. Like this.
And this is how it's going to look
if your API doesn't work.
So now that we discussed about this,
there is one last thing that I want to
mention is the Aggregated Events measurement.
As we know,
the aggregated events are the events that
Fcaebook is reporting back from
any site for the opt-out users.
Facebook announced that
this is not going to be a workaround
for the problem of reporting for
the opt-out users.
But at the end of the day
it's going to help.
At the start the aggreagated events
were working only with the
attribution setting of one day.
If you go to a new campaign here,
we can see that on the bottom, on the "Show More" option
We can see that
the 7-day click over here and
the 1-day click of view 1-day click.
So until let's say 2 weeks ago
this was working,
no 7 days ago actually
This was working with the 1-day click
attribution model only.
Now it's working also with a 7-day click.
This is why
the results are going to improve
a little bit now,
because we are having the aggregated events.
The aggregated events are just bulk events
that when they're happening from
the opt-out users, Facebook is going to
send them in order to improve the results.
The problem is that
with the aggregated events,
we don't know who's the person that
has actually did the purchase.
So the problem with that is that
Facebook is working like this.
It says
"Konstantinos bought something,
I'm going to target similar people
like Konstantinos", and it's optimizing
based on what is happening on the results.
So if we're having an aggregated event,
which just says
"somebody bought something"
this is not helping us
in terms of optimization.
Βut on the other hand,
Facebook announced that they are going
to introduce something which is going to be
called Statistical Modeling.
Okay.
And I'm going to read it to you
as they say over here.
So in some cases,
statistical modeling may be used to account
for some of your campaign conversions.
These results may not include all
conversions from people using iOS 14 or 14.5
So that means that Facebook is going
to try to actually identify
who are the people that they bought.
Okay, can they do that?
Of course they can.
The Facebook algorithm is very powerful
and they're donig other kinds of things.
I'm sure that they're going to
do this thing also.
Now how important is, though,
the aggregated events and
how are they going to help?
At this point, I must say
that I'm not super excited about them.
This is why
at the start of the video,
I mentioned that if you think
that the aggregate events are going to save your results,
you are wrong,
because as we can see over here
on our normal reporting for the last 28 days
we are having 4.6K events.
Okay.
And in the Aggregated Events
we are having only 111.
As you can understand, the difference
between those two numbers is very big.
And if you think that
the aggregated events are going to come
and they're going to save you
and they're going to save you ROAS.
Come on, at the end of the day,
we know that it's not going to actually optimize
and it's just going to be raw data of a sale.
We know that the change
for the 7-day attribution.
By the way,
if you're using 1-day attribution,
you are wrong.
So stop doing it.
It's very good news
that we are starting to see now,
the aggregated events being used
for the 7-days attribution.
I must say that for the last 7 days
I can see a very good increase
on the results and the ROAS.
So maybe this is one of the reasons,
but I know that Facebook is going to
become better and better and better
when it comes to the aggregated events.
They announced that
the aggregated events are not the workaround
for the opt out users.
But I believe that this is
what is going to change the events in the future.
The API, the Aggregated Events,
all of this together as a combination
is going to help a lot in the monitoring
and it's going to help also
in the optimization.
But as you can understand right now,
it's not a very big difference.
Okay.
So just to summarize
the most crucial things
that you need to take care,
whether you're starting now
and you haven't advertised for a period
or if you haven't done it,
is first of all
domain verification,
you need to do your domain verification.
Second thing is that you need to go
and you need to list your events in
the Aggregated Events so that
you will be able to use them.
Install your API, turn on all the buttons
on the Advanced Matching and
start receiving better results.
If you don't do these changes,
keep in mind that you are going to
be struggling and you are going to
be left behind in terms of results.
So do the changes as fast as you can.
And let's wrap it up from here.
I'm going to see you
for the closing of this video.
One last thing that is really bothering me
and I actually consider it
one of the worst developments
on the platform is that the breakdown
of results are not available anymore.
Whaaaat??
And because I'm so pissed about it,
I'm going to do a whole video about this topic.
The changes are here to stay.
We don't know if Android will follow
since this is how the competition works after all.
I'm sure that Facebook will find a solution
like they always do.
If Facebook can't do it,
who's going to?
The smaller platforms like
TikTok or Snapchat
which struggled even more with the changes?
I'm not going to say that
it is better now than before
because it's simply not.
But we will adapt
as marketers and business owners
as we always do.
To be honest with you after the changes,
the results on the platform
were not stable at all.
Several accounts had issues,
but I can see that things are becoming
better day by day.
Before we wrap up.
I need to point out that in my eyes
this is a big opportunity for business owners
and marketeers.
Whoever can't afford it anymore
and whoever can't make the ads work anymore,
will leave the platform and in my opinion
this will be the reason for the rising cost
of advertising on the Facebook platform
to at last start dropping
instead of increasing steadily every year.
Paradoxically, it is an opportunity after all.
In any case,
that's all I had for you
about the Facebook iOS 14 changes.
Hit the like button
if you like the video
and subscribe
if you want to see more in the future.
But even if you don't,
If you feel like it,
leave your comments and questions below
with hashtag #AskKonstantinos
and your question might be featured
in a future video.
And don't forget that if you want
to learn more about Facebook Ads
you can read my book or check my courses.
Links are below in the description.
Until we meet again,
be creative and consistent!